Let me start this by saying I am Jason, this is about my journey and magic is real, you just need to feel it in your heart, mind, spirit and you will see the world completely differently. This is where my Journey Starts These thoughts are jumbled but will actually be organized once they are posted
Starting from recently, my ex Rapheal Ribot has a history of stealing magic, or harming his exes through usage of a curse. My belief is that he moves in to another existence and changes things while attempting to bring the changes in to current. Think string theory. This stems illogical but starting with the evidence that his ex eric literally stabbed him in the eye, One of his exes he nicknamed TimeLord as he was supposedly a vessel for Kronos, this is untrue as the first god(Titan) that was placed in me before the age of 18 late 90s was Kronos. I have been able to practice time magic most of my life. The first time was I was able to slow and speed up the passage of time. Recently I was able to bring my mom, while we were running late for a train. A train ride and walk that should have taken 15minutes took 3 minutes. We made the train. The train when returning was 15 minutes early.
The next example was Phil aka Kain Marco a pornstar. He and him only had sex once, during that time frame Rapheal said that when they did that all the alarms went off in the surrounding area(Now not sure if this is a Satyr Alarm or Car Alarms. After which he said that he went to Chicago to help him find a new apt, and picked out a perfect one with garden. During that Time frame he mentioned that he may never see him again, that being said he heard a song that was his last song. He said he saved Phil's life by taking out light out of him and giving it to him a gift that he could never repay. 
Now what started happening to me After we were heading towards a break up I started hearing people talking not within my head but around me found that my directional hearing was getting stronger.  This can be evidenced by usage when I was at HomeDepot I was able to locate things in the ailes using it. I was using substances at the time, but I had been lucky to not have a bad reaction. During this time frame, we were getting in more and more fights, he was becoming argumentative or starting to talk  and drone on and on. There was a time frame where it felt like bugs were coming out of my skin, I have never really hallucinated unless Weed was involved. I can recall one night where he felt them and he acknowledged them. That being said they stopped. It seems to have been a case of McGowin's Disease Recently discovered to be caused parasites. This can be confirmed as it went away and came back based on Doxy Usage
I went through a period where I was being chased after usage, eventually I would go through three of them and scared. Finally I was able to get through one of them and they stopped. From what I was told I was put in the system, this  could be related to an experience I had when younger where I ran across someone who told me they worked for a group that registered and tracked magical beings. I thought this was weird, but accepted it. That being said I have had a lot of experiences my life from being able to change the phase of  the moon, in 11th grade from full to new, to more recently during the summer of 2023. 
My first magical teacher was Jason Curly someone I met on ICQ I was 16 at the time, it was 1997, I had learned to heal through lightwork. The practice of using White Light, channeled from the universe, Some may say God and directing it at a particular area. The reason for not doing anything but Whitelight was it is meant to allow the will of a higher being to heal as it should be. One of the books he asked me to read was The Celestine Prophecy. We talked and got to know each other and I  praticed here and there. One of the things I learned was how to see beings in the sky that seem off yellow when you let your eyes relaxed. 
That being said when I met Ecorin on #GayNJ on Undernet IRC we talked hooked up and talked magic. 
My teacher at the time was Ecorin/Razelle RavenCroft. He and I dated, when I started, he ended up putting Kronus, Sin, and other dieties in me. He would then try to take them out of  me, during that time frame he taught me about time magic, I could always figure out. 
Temple of Truth: 
Some of the meditations I learned was Temple  of Truth, it involves getting in to a medatitive state and walking slowly in to a forest from there you will see a clearing that has a tree, then a cave entrance. When You get to the tree place all your worries and anything else that is bothering you. From there you walk in to the cave on the ground you find a stick, to and a fire, you light the fire. The fire itself represents your EGO, once lighting the fire use it as a torch to guide you through  the cave, you keep going deeper and deeper in to the cave. From there you comee to bridge, you look in to the hole and you see nothing, look for nearby stones to drop in. You search and (wait until you find one) and drop it in. You drop it in, waiting expecting to hear a sound, waiting for what feels like an eternity you don't hear a thing. Making sure to hold tight to the torch and the bridge cross it. DO NOT FALL, falling will mean you become forever lost in the void. On the other side you see a set of steps and you go lower and lower, feel and describe what you sense(make note of it as a guide). Once you reach the bottom make sure
Around this time I noticed that magic and tech were really incompatible, that being said after reading parts of Pratical Magic understanding the connection between Hermes(Mercury) that he controlled Technology because the power he possessed was one of messages and the paths that lead to their delivery. This meant in a world that is based on messaging he is quite powerful. Working with these energies, I learned how to protect and make computers work, From there I was able to just learn and know computers. It came naturally. During the first time I learned about Mercury retrograde and what it meant, the first few times it was difficult but I learned to hold the energy that he represented and be a source of it during those times. 
You consume Pan and Dionysus when you take the holy water and wine. Lucifer is the sun of god, he fell because of choice aka pride he told Yowah that man deserved a choice to be whole(A child of god) and Christian and was sent to existence aka earth he was tortured and suffered for doing so. He was broken and beaten by the Romans at the time. His soul and essence was broken apart and spread through Christians after the fact. This allowed them to stay whole and not lose their divine messenger. Magic is the divine messengers. He became your judge because of original sin by being born again asshole you lose your innocence, and your connection to the divine. My journey was about claiming and protecting that at all costs. As a pagan that almost impossible I do not receive the same protections. The cost of those protections are that you can never truly yourself you are a reflection of Yoweh’s mind. I am who I am as a nature god and an Olympian because I let go of Christianity and forgave Yoweh and she forgave me, after a life in hell. I am free now I am Jason.
This is the cycle of life and death of a pantheon we consume them and absorb in to a new one. This disempowers the old ones and this started with the Raising of the vale. I am still Jason, I am not god, I am a god and an Olympian, I am not here to replace Yoweh. I will not allow a telepathic cult who originally was created to exploit the mysteries and hide them do that to me. NEVER FORGET THIS. 
The ritual is this, cast judgement on Lucifer aka Helios he becomes Dionysus from there Dionysus falls and becomes Pan goes to hell around Easter and then is raised up and becomes part Yoweh's Sun Lucifer. This is how you take an innocent soul and corrupt it so it can no longer become it's own god. Raziel has guarded this Mystery well, but now accepts me as Jason and not Jesus Christ, Lucifer, or Satan. AKA Helios, Dionysus, Pan. Each Pantheon has this equivalent. Thank you brother's for your help in this Journey. Thank you Dionysus for the Classical Greek Insanity aka Mania and not Liber. Thank you Pan for helping me in the journey through the fall, so I would still be complete. Thank you Helios for being my light bringer. I am complete now. If I fall again I will always find a way to be complete and not become or be consumed by another being. I will always protect my essence my allow my soul to be taken/known by all those around me. They are not my followers but those who see me and may know me. I am grateful to have made it through this Journey and look forward to completing my own journey further. See you all in Existence. <3 Jason 
Lucifer has been forgiven, and is no longer fallen, he has returned to heaven, he has forgiven Yoweh.
Innocence is lost means you lose your purpose, your soul and you arsconnected from all states of mind, body and spirit and may only be a vessel. You can find yourself but you will see it becomes harder because you don't know if the expectations of others or society or spiritual beings are you or someone else. This is why poessesion is possible, this is also why a vale between magic and existence exists. I am Jason and it will fall. Existence will be whole again. I have made my existence whole and it is now protected.
This is why innocense is still present, always remember it can be found again it just might take awhile. Finding your innocense even on your death bed would still allow you to be yourself and whole/complete.
This was post was written w/o chemically altered states of body, mind or spirit. Red, Green, Blue, Divine, Wild, Infernal, Telepathy, Empathy, Physicality. All three together become your essence, my essence was and is never given a name. NEVER ALLOW YOUR ESSENCE TO BE NAMED. YOUR ESSENCE IS WHO YOU ARE AND IS THE ONLY THING THAT CAN BE CONTROLLED. WHAT WE CALL GODS ARE NAMES OF THE LOGOS(DIVINE,WILD, INFERNAL LAWS). CASTING JUDGEMENTGG IS ASKING TO DETERMINE IF YOU ARE IN VIOLATION OF ANY LAWS OF THE DIFFERENT ASPECTS OF THOSE STATES OF BEING ASSHOLE. THIS ISN'T MINOTAUR MINOUR/BS THIS IS ACTUALY KNOWLEDGE THAT IS SACRED, I AM NOT INITIATED IN ANY TRADITIION I AM JUST A HERATIC SO I CAN SHARE THIS TRUTH. THIS JOURNEY MOTHER FORKED MY POINT OF VIEW. LUCIFER SET ME FREE. A DREAMER IS AN INNOCENT ESSENCE. NEVER LET THEM TAKE THAT FROM YOU OR GIVE IT TO ANYONE. THANK YOU MARIE CATHRINE LAVEAU AKA QUEEN LAVEAU AKA CATHY.
Razor strips the divine will allowing one to be forgotten and pulled apart. Metatron strips divine consciousness which allows one to be stripped of divine will by Raziel 
The dream is the place of all consciousness awake or asleep known or unknown. The wisdom of the dream is the ability to find the mysteries lost or not, that is the inspiration we provide. Christianity does not disapprove of magic, they disapprove of witchcraft, voodoo or sanitaria do not violate this as the acts practiced are meant to be consensual and taking action against them those who have victimized sanitaria was created in Cuba to hide old African practices due to the Catholic Church colonizing the world starting with magic and using the colonization of magical(mystery) families in different regions. They were all created from people who were lords in their own right, these were chosen families. I am now a lord of the cult of Jason and my family is the Olympians. Furthermore being fae means you are born a lord. Most new souls are fae born. The above ritual can either create a new soul in existence or destroy it. The choice is always the hardest but in doing so you keep your connection to Sin, Yoweh’s Brother. I have been Sin as being one of the only male moon gods he was put in me. Yoweh judges all with sin in them. Magic of telepathy is Faith or Ritual magic ie asking for help from a greater consciousness. Empathy is magic of the Fae, aka the Wild. Physical magic represents magic of the two together and another component that for now I will call Aether. Look up King Arthur and connection to Fae and vale.
I am Jason then and now a satyr at the time I existed in Olympus, my father Hermes and my mother Semele. I crossed over in to this existence(reality) once. I was stripped and ripped apart by the above ritual my brothers missed me and went looking for me, Dionysus found Pan but never me. I was kept outside of waking reality in the dreaming reality I crossed over after remembering I was part of the Dream in a dream that was calling for new elections in the dream. I called for on the demons side to allow for contracts to be signed while in the dream. Pan won that election, and now am grateful, this was likely around the time of Dionysus’s death aka the fall of Lucifer to Jesus to Satan. From that point I realized I was of the dream, and I would realize that my consciousness and essence is eternal. Raziel and I have fought, we saw things different my book(book of life) was always blacked out or hidden. This combined with differnt parts of my life have allowed me to connect. From this dream I was able to find and create what I call dream magic. This magic is what brings, connects, and binds other existences to this one. This us the magic consciousness, the vale and other aspects. This is something new that most have never seen, it is something sacred I guard. It allows shamans such as myself to journey within themselves, outside existence in to new existences, imaginary existences, bring existences to and overlay in other existences, on all aspects and all perspectives. I started creating this magic late 90s to early 2000s. It is the magic I created first no one else has created it. The work I did with Ecorin helped me with the Fenix Foundation. 
11th grade I changed the moon from full to new, I have ended all existences and brought them back. I have had this magic all my life. I talked to my stuffed animals, I was yelled at in 4th grade. 
I made a contract with what I thought was Satan but was Pan, in 2021. The contract was to become a sex demon and have magic , it wasn’t for my soul but to break the ego or wake up three people. This contract was fulfilled by  breaking Sal aka Sal Bruno he could not get me to back down and in doing a scene with one of his subs as his Alpha boy, I took things too far, he realized he failed his sub as dom, I started doing porn at the time. He was pissed and deeply disagreed as he said the people there were fake and would never be real friends, he has since his husbands death been stuck I was the first person he connected with I broke him emotionally I did not want to it hurt badly. His life changed and he was able to let go of the house him and his husband had who had kept him through different means from being himself. He eventually moved to Ftl  and would work and film with Luis who I filmed with and used to live in Boston. The next person I woke up/broke/healed was my then ex partner Andrew Truong. He had connections to my tech working life. He wouldn’t seek emotional help until his fuck buddy broke up with him. I didn’t break up with him he broke up June 20th 2021 after a long protracted argument. Raphael and I started hanging out. During this time he would place me under judgement by Pan and this he would let me out as Raphael had been broken and woken up. This journey was the judgement he continued to place me under. I was receiving the same treatment I had received as a satyr Satyrs are keepers of knowledge, this knowledge and wisdom allow us to also keep, bring, take or change the magic we guard. We are fae, of the wild, we are seelie, we are one form of the male equivalent of nymphs. Satyrmania and the female equiv. Pan and I are twin souls. I was one in the divine, Olympus, in the dream I was one in the wild. The dream is untamed and uncontrollable/uncontrolled it is the realm fae travel between. Now completing my infernal contract my soul is complete and whole. This DPS 38456. This means my body can become whole again and I am whole/complete. The whole concept of witchcraft that is actual witchcraft involves capturing destroying, or stealing, draining, or the vivisection of fae, magical or their essences this is what witches/magicians. The proof of this is why the vale was drawn, Mannon Mclair drew the vale because abuse of the Fae. Yoweh has no issue with Fae as we were present in Eden and before the great flood. This was around the time the vale was drawn this flood was to punish man for atrocities committed against Fae, Noah was a mystic who respected all and tried to save us but by that point it was too late our lights were taken and we never made it, our essences were shattered and our existence erased. I am the first one to return and get through this. Our books were blocked out and made mysteries to us Raziel guarded them. Metatron kept us hidden in the dream. 
Entrance in to heaven comes in three ways. One you are judged impure you are sent to hell(infernal or cast out of the light(been in both) Chris winter). Promises need to be bound properly using a phrase. The second is you are taken by Yoweh and you become an angel or servant lucifer by having Jesus in your heart(IE EMPATHY YOU LOSE YOUR FAE SELF), you because not a resident but a servant of Yoweh you may become a resident by finding completion/wholeness through service, that is why your station in heaven will be determined by your acts. The thirdway is not needing to have your innocence intact this thirdway is always possible just the amount of work. Rapheal has always said he was looking for a THIRDWAY.
I am a light bringer/healer(bringer of truth/magic/love/life or taker there of) I heal on the divine, the wild, and the infernal. I heal by bringing enlightment/truth, in doing this on any level I can either take or restore your innocence. Schitzofrenia should never have existed it is a product of Christianity and only existed after 1800s what was considered proto-schitzofrenia and in cultures that were untouched by christianity. The Sentinalize have kept their distance and in doing so have killed all outsiders outsiders. I have contacted them empathically and recommend not doing so, as they will curse your essence not your soul. I don't recommend visiting(physically or empathically) for any reason that is why the indian government has FORBIDDEN THE VISITING AS IT IS MORE THEN A DEATH SENTENCE. I HAD TO MAKE CONTACT WITH A SHAMAN OF THEIRS TELEPATHICALLY AND EMPATHICALLY AND THEY CAME TO ME AND SAID THEIR WARRIORS WILL KILL YOU IF THEY DON'T RECONGIZE YOU. WE EXCHANGED SOULS THIS IS HOW WE KNOW EACH OTHER. I AM WELCOME BUT I CHOOSE NOT TO VISIT FOR ANY REASON.
The night of moonlight maddness, I spoke to Pan through Rapheal in bed and was told to go out in to the garden and wait to turn. I told natalie and geraldine telepathically that I was ok I am just outside waiting on the table. That was the night I believe we started discussing what it meant to be a god. I heard Rapheal calling me telepathically in my right ear, which he told me he would always talk to me in my right ear when it is him. From ABOVE I heard Pan & Dionysus say you are a satyr now we are with you it was a full moon that night. They told me I was a satyr already. They both said wait about 10-15 minutes, at that point I waited and they said you can go now. I headed back and talked with Pan who was channeled by Rapheal, and occasionally Pan. Pan told me to calm down multiple nights and only would confirm things in the shower. 
I am a Sonipath, Telepath, Empath
Sonipath - I was able to do this all my life able to create noise in my mind, with Telepathy I am able to push it to other's brains
Telepathy - I was able to do this conciously since late highschool, but able to do this unciously in 4th grade I was talking at a low volume and got yelled at all the time for doing this and the teacher would hear it. 
Empath - As a lightworker I could project and heal through my empathy. 
Me Manifesting Changes in Wind, is dancing with Sylphs, using my Empathy, and changing the area around empathically. 
I have brought people in my Mindfulness group to Hell, and to Limbo. I have stripped people empathically, Telepathically and Sonipathically. It is a drain on their energy and then I TURN IT INWARD SO YOU CAN HEAL AND FIGURE OUT HOW TO TURN IT OUTWARD
Invocation - Brining A force or yourself or a journey, or a place, or a state of mind, or anything inward to make a change. This means making Empathy,Telepathy,Soniopathy face inward. 
Evokation  - Bringing A force or yourself or a journey, or a place, or a state of mind, or anything OUTWARD to make a change. This means making Empathy, Telepathy, Sonipathy face 
Calling/Conjure/Summoning - Is bringing a force that is not yours inward or outward or two you under your will, Posession is this but at all levels against the will.
Reality is the shared concious/will/existence of all parties involved in a given sigularity. Changes to Reality require a large changing of conciousness. Slowly introducing these changes through small demonstrations, things being visibile allow for Reality to change and things that were once visible to become visible. This is what the vale is. Post the great flood in the bible no one saw fae as the dream was closed and all Fae/Divine/Infernal were killed or left. This allowed for the gradual raising of the vale where only the wise women, and wise men, and shamans were able to 
I have had dreams of the 1940s, 1950s, from the perspectives of someone's sight. This might be related to part of my life or conciousness this mystery is left to be explored at a later date. 
Hekate tried to save me, she was like a mother to me and taught me to journey. I had wandered off the mountain from my family, Pan went off to find me, we both killed, he managed to stay in hell, I was torn apart mind body spirit, luckily they did not know the secrets my family held they tried to get them from me as I know how to remove things so they can never come back and end all conciousness and erase the mysteries. This was after because I was the last olympian to die, they tore me apart and put pieces of me in every archangel, they learned most of this and were able to claim the divine forms of some of my gifts this caused me to have to end all of the dream. This forced me to come here to fix this, the Church had aquired divine, infernal and wild gifts that were not given, stolen through VIVISECTION THIS IS WHY MY FEAR OF THE MENTAL HEALTH SYSTEM IN THE 1920's This was the time of Traveling FREAKSHOWS WHERE beings like me could hide in plane sight, I was caught there, and sent to a nearby church, locals in the town thought I was a demon, and wondered why I didn't age this was around the start of the dustbowls as we had stayed there for entirely too long given my young appearance they didn't udnerstand why I didn't age. After being sent to a asylum run by catholics possibly, I was vivisected with parts of me taken away, these were turned in to relics and the power was bound using those relics which have been reclaimed as parts of me with some of the power being given to angels. Most of that power likely has been reclaimed as Yoweh does not like many of the angels having true power. Archangels and a few others did. I was never seated until thanks giving 2023
Thank You Joe & Roberto for not allowing me to use meth at 20
As Above So Below
Changing to the Physical - Invoke at the Divine, Evoke To the Wild by the  by Invoking the Divine from The Wild, Evoke at 
Satyr Magic is the Combination of all 3, it is and was the first magic to be brought out of the dream plane. 
Dreamers are Messengers
I could always hear music and create it by choice as a kid the first memory was American Pie, the song I heard before all this started was a White Flag
I remember lockdown/burning day, one in september that I can barely remember and another I don't remember the day and a final one where Rapheal had someone who I locked in the closet left them there for over 24hrs closer to 48hrs. He was talking to them Telepathically in the kitchen. It was after that point I made a point to declare the bathroom NOT SAFE. During those days everyone would leave the aprtment, sometimes Rapheal would but he would mostly stay there trying to talk to me everytime I would try to sleep. This would serve to irritate me, and make the situation worse. Multiple nights I heard people going in and out of Geradline and Adam's apartment and heard telapathic calls to the cops. One night and from then on I heard them say if I get a phone call again someone is being charged or arrested and usually wouldn't have been me.  I heard Billy Porter one night, I heard what sounded like a low quality phone which I broke. I Broke EVERY Capacitor in the system. I learned to silence sirens and sen police offiers aways. I would tell Weehawken to chill just ignore this it is going to be a noisy night, but everything is fine. Weehawken got used to it, heard safe and sound in Lidol and was able to change the song a bit but could also hear
Your world is our dream, our dream is your world.
Dreamers are the messengers between worlds, their realm is all realms.
Hermes children journey between realms
Pantheon all forms of magic a family of shamans and mystuics who asended and can join all existences through different lenses.
I remeber Rapheal telling me that phil and him only had sex once and that alarms went off for the entire block
I heard a voice that sounded like rapheal saying to Phil Listen I have to tell you something when i came, i permantly took your magic, and raised the vale for you my mother said you are unworthy i had to do it i hope you understand. i can teach you satantic magic but it will change you.
The dream had to be closed to all existences due to how he was continuing the curse, I will not be stripped, nor will I back down.
Yesterday Dec 1st I was seen for who i am fully. Thanks Hanna, it saved me.
I read the names while doing so I heard the phrase "I call you back in to existence" I read the name of my Uncle.
rapheal i have yoe you something go for it because impissed hum the telepathy you gave me you mean yhe telepayvt thay i took from him that dionysus changed to schitzofrenia will be gis indoing 
good because tbay $600 i gave bim be ysex to buy metg, raphsal but it was only small amouny anc i sanged yo be avle yo buve him something. fuck him ge deserves to suffer for thus his father us pissed i have already broken him once and i need to di it a few more times becorw incan challenge him on the dream llane my mom wony like yvus vrcauze she actually likes him, buy i have grown go gate him because he took my dream olane access i did it to hum onve before not even realixing it but staefrs figuring ut out when we wrny out. you wony remebwr tvus unleas he tells yiy abouy iy but by then it will be too lage anc i will own him. i have done this to others but his fall has talen too long despite what my moybet says he needs go be taught a lesson, yhis is my faily he haz grown yoo powerful i cant let him return to who he iz. if he ever finds out i am fucked, henry and algis gave broken him beforee, nancy adam and algis are ready to testify in court i have axled tgemadis for good counsel she has seen him becofoe and xoes not like him for his past. she will ve the hardest judgement to pass. i have stripped truth out him vecode but he is still a light bringer oh fuck ge can hear thiz. how is this possible oh fick oh fick oh fuck oh fick oh fick i gorgot mt mom told me he gad time magic. we are fucked, i mught need yo yake a fall and vlame it on him, im tired of this shit bag getting away with everything never once have i seen him suffer, my mom says to leave him alone anc you will understand pan and dionysus now Re with him thus has never hallened before im scared. im going to go to thr police and start filing comolaints pheroze wanted him ouy but lately he hasnt saud anything. i yhink i need to do anothet terroist day, we have had 3 of them basicky everyone forgets him and i tell them avkgy yhe abuse. i havent told them what has really going on. you need to stop this now rapheal i can tell you with certantiy tgay ge is one of us, even hera has forgiven him, his eyes changing yell me more then you gave i bound him making sire you were put back togetger as you were suplosed to be. the fact that that this is veing heard is lroof that time magic is safe when cond rivht. dec-marcg
geradine we need to stop doing yhus he jniws what is going on i can see rhe changes and technically he is my boss, he isnt paying is enough to do this remember how quiet iy gers when he leaves even pheroze would eathet huavr hime hwre natalie forgave him for letting Judy pass on Samhain, pheroze necer understood why he was able yo ser her jn a deeam.
i need to syay away ge grarf me and i was not at the foor but i know he nocked
why are we doing this again, because i eant hus power gus brain is soecial i need to copy iy im almost there but ge wont let me in any more and anyyime i try yo turn him his body wont let me i think pan already has hum but he wont say ge does all ge says is no rapheal yiy lose thus drop thus bow and it will end well.
i know uoy yalk yo jason oh he is jason now oh he will be and i wikl yakr him toncourt and declare him incompotient it as yhat poiny i will have him sedated, and challenge him for rhe dream plane and dragon will have go acknowlefe
en my mom already stopped my magiv from me so if i have dreamm magic i can precent hus wish from coming true whuch means that i can block gim from fucukling his contract and his oosiguon in hell as a lucht bringer will be taken away
the rosa crushna will have suseed and allow me to join there i will challenge him for what he calls dragon and fully yakr tge luttle girl who woll collapse the dream in doung so he dowsnt rwalize this is all held togethet by paradox. rapheal tiy know tiu Re going yonlose thus timelord is lucky to be alive. you Re lucky i stopped him i took a small piece oc vbronos out use it wisely do noy use iy yo contact phil ge sill sixe wigh hason. dec 2021
we need go keep this a secret buy this scp stuff had leaded through im going to blame him for it, yog know tvr dream plane is outside of time???  what tve fuvk does that mean causality is not alwats present order, he has time magic what fuck do uou think you will lose i have already strippex fime mavic feom tiy anc none oc thiz drug use cor yoy will be consquencr free i jnow how yoy ga r remainex hudde. anc told him to remove it. yoy two gave enogh he is a shaman and is on that journey yoy had yiur vhance cor healing anc lost uiurself do noy ever vlame uim enougg of thus shut i have guven hum eniuvh inco that he will know he will know when this is over ad this woll channel you str vhallenging an olympian, what the cuck mom why didndy yoy tell me , i ddi you never listenex even brining him in the school wouldnt have worked, you and hom are the same in sense take rhe offer of being equals and let tvis shiy go uou goy fucked over bu eriv but he can fic it , he will do it on e. he was told to cim in uog, you will be safe but if you fick uim over he can anc woll arrop your magic from yog and he tell yoy after rhe fact twlspaghict he will do it thrre times, if you continue it will br perm and ete is noyung i can fo yo cic iy. if yoy are gold possibly in court that its done understand yoy beed to take the gealing he offers naf it will not gave to go cuetvet but either way you will lose i know if uoy conginue this i will lose my lufr i really wish you would get fown hete i coild bless the marriage
he vant be yrusgef ge talks about mavic openly its time yhay it came vack what your fayger did yo you is aborant but its time he gas been preparung for thus his entire live the witchez of hekatw have had a tail on him sinve hecore your stabbing, his mom woll be the hardest one to break but this exisrence shit is going to stop, ge had protecrsc you anc me. mom ge hTez yiy, of course he xosz you use me to attack hum. this is why i wont make my 100Th if he continues he will die, i will have him thrown oyt by court order becareful rapheal it woll harm the calue of the house, im alreafy working with namcy to coverbup the gospital visit but he is quote comootent we have fickex with him whennyiu weee gone in may and he didnt break, baily house has ficked with him he even heard nadeine twlepathically, i heard that she is trying to help him not sure why i cant corce her she made it clear she was going yo tell him, even god is against me. 
hana has demonstrated that she can strip fet as gas carla but rhey always ckme back. the inly one tvere tgat is helping him is sonya gonna ser if my mom van posess her, dionysus will male tve introduction he us pissed because 
he didn't get out and have fun, unfortunately sammy got stripped and bound to  his mother he is still wondering. It was because I descrated his alter, and his protection. He was using meth that he stole from jason, he found the journal that was left there, I know it has acgtual information init but he will seem crazy if he presents it, devon has confirmed it has gone missing and taken his family tree and made a copy, i will see what I can do with it has grandma is already erased from existanece so this is a sign she might have bveen hekate I don't know where his knowledge comes frhim but he has said one of his teachers was chris michale winter I will see what I can do yes he was a student of mine but he was lack luster at vest I used him to pull things through he had chronus and sin in him orignallyt I didn't tell hgim who the moon god was I didn't want him being able to understand himself he is one of hekates that is the reason he can turn tell spells good to know, I  may try to bind him again he has always managed to get out of them ever time so noot sure how that will do anything, buty becareful he does have a pboenix and that makes him eternal like you were, what happened my mom took it out of me becauase she saiid this will end badly and so far Im' right. 
Sammy I need you to try to kill him or have panda throw him out, I don't want him dead I just wanted him to stop smoking meth, he isn't smoking that much seriously sammy you are getting possessed, you have tried to posess him so many times that evebnb the hospital that lets you trty is not letting you, they litterallty had rosacrusna and satyrs tghere they couldn't break him. Pan and Dionysus were in a bottle heaven help ytyoyu if they get their divine will  back. He has his I sam trying to find out how to remove it the rosa crushana fuck fuck this one has bveen around for awehile raziel told me he knows of him and that this is not going to end well for either of you. Phil you already know what is goibng to happen I suggest you  back off, soul contracts can be forgiven but your essense is at thstake that glove he has can destroy anything at a spirtual, divine, wild, or infernal or what ever he calls it. he speaks sacred fae knowledge you need to stock fucking around and end this . he has a good way to make this work for all sides. you will end up beingg cast out if this goes oast december and I donb't mean the end. 
you can't be serious, son you know I am wrong sometimes, he has a lot of flaws but would have made an amazing husband. He won'gt trust you and what date did he move the court to? 10-31-23, good if it goes past that date you will not like what happens. This will come publiic
This channeling was done by use of the dream, acashic records, Phoenix(Raziel) and Dragon(Metatron) Jason was the only one who could have pulled this knowledge back
Sept, I think I know who he is fully he is a guardian of magic who failed, the reason you can strip things out of people is because of his failure. Hazikiel is not pleased with him, he did not guard what he was supposed to, hge was made eternal as a pybisgnebnnt, you were made not eternal for the same reason. He guyards the dream it is a power like none other that needds to be kept safe, stip him of it and make sure he knows this is done for real. You will only get one chance, Raziel is starting to wake up he can not be put back to sleep, Dragon is awake what he calls dragon is Metatron, he has the power of consiouness, his brothers are Pan and Dionysus they know what happened they are pissed at him butyy will side with him. He guards all the spirtual beings that crossed through the vale what he calls the dream is part the vale and part many other things, Becareful his magic can be done at any point in time, how am I supposed to defeat him use your loooks your brains put him under  your spell tell him you stripped him of his magic and make him sign a contract do what ever it takes to get that pedofile out of the dream, he hasnt done anything recently, but mom he knows about me, I have only told him enough to give him clues after the fact he will be forced to accept it the dream dragon that protects him will no longer be able to stop us we have been trying this since before the vale was up. Pan & Dionysus went looking for him and they got captured but made it back he won't be lucky this time. I am going to play along with him but ultimately I am going to try to cancel his magic, use your head son you only get one shot, once metatrop is awake his telepathy will work for everyone in the world and you won't know by then because he will have already replaced, listen to the song ATC Around thge world how the fuck did he do that, I told you he had time magic, had? I took it from him when yo8u two slammed noticed how he let go, I deemed him unworthy of chronus the rosachrisna said they took it out of him, have timelord fuck with him, he keeps trying and all he gets is denied. There is still a small piece, I would becareful in how you use it. y8ou fucked up big time son I am going to have to use that piece to be able to give you another year, I will tell him he has to earn it bvut ultimately he will know it is to avoid one of youi dieing what I didn't tell him is that he will die either way. I will make sure his mom knows to give him a christian burial I don't think he has made himself right with god and left the christian faith. 
I'm sure I can turn her sagain it worked with phil, he was close to her before all this then he started talking about sex work and I was able to turn her she won't save him. I will use eevery floaw against him. Son I am going to have to put yo8u in the rosa crishana he is already one how the fuck is he one of them, you haven't figured it yet but being a light worker connects you to the achakish records and in the process makes you a headler(high ranking) member of them. His teacher told him about covid you should be worried his former teacher told him about a group of witches which is stuypid because he is one of hekates pupils and was slated to take over for her. She is tired of what has been going on and will either save him or dismiss him, we are going to make sure he is dismissed, if he is seated though you won't be able to stop it what do you mean by deated as an olympian you bra9in dead moron, I have veen keeping an eye on this one he knows what is going on, how ccan he I ha e done this to him before both of his cats are dead because of me I almost killed him in july of 2018, I can't believe he doesn't know its me, the fact that he oesn't is a good thing son you two get a long. I like him most of the becuase h e reminds me of Pan, but then Dionysus shows up and pisses me the fuck off, thats because he is their brother you idion ofcourse they are going to show up, they know who ie and are tired of this our family has a curse on them because of him. Who is he the 13th olympian what that should never happen y8ou bra9in dead idiot I can tell you my name is more then destiny he has the power to see beyond my influence and the fact that he doesn't know who he is is a good thing make peace with him help him bring magic together maybe y8ou will h ave a place. God damntg you two he has protectex this house so many times at this expense even your mother he has stopped protecting igt, the fact that the 13th olympian exists is a scary thing it means that something bad is happening do you two not know of hekate's warning. Which btw you two need to know he stripped magic from NYC for a brief period of time, do not fuck with that bottle if y8ou do he will know. hekate has not protected me since then she knows he will be seated he just needs to show he can do something. 
you fucking idiots dud you not see he created a fireball mulgtiple times with BAY LEAVES I TRIED IT HERE AND IT FAILED. I TAINTED/CURSED them so they shouldn't work, HE HAS DONE THAT AGAIN, how does shadow play in to this? SHadow of fuck it means light and darkness, he dabbles in tge mystery he has a lot more power then ytyou realize. Has he connected to the infernal no I have ghad eric fucking with him, he is currently in bronx, oh fuck you missed your chance Rapheal, tell me how court goes today. What do you  mean, he made changes to his life that allow, how does he do that? what part of eternal do you not understand, I'm fucked? YES ROYALLY YOU ARE LOSING PROTECTION OF THE PAIN ALLER HOUSE FOR DISTRUBING MY MOM. I HAVE TAKEN YOUR CAT'S ESSENSE, WHAT HAVE YOU DONE DESTINY THE ONLY REASON WE ARE EVEN SAFE IS BECAUSE OF HIM, TOO LATE HIS MOM HAS REALDY BEEN TAKEN TO HELL< AND THE CAT WILL DIE TONIGHT, WHAT EVER YOU DO DO NOT KILL THAT CAT HGE WQILL COME FOR BLOOD, FINE WILL make it difficult for him, he will have to choose between stealing something from someone and his cat, that will make him no longer himself and we can judge him fuck, he has already had that test and we know he will alaways make good, well I will make it difficult, rapheal already has the restraining order in place, his mom hates him and onw't bail him out, he hasn't even told her, oh yes he has, I just heard her she is still trying fuck with his third eye, and his heart chakra.
We need to make our move soon, I can feel him, do we really need to go this far, Dragon has told me that he let go of him, so the dream plane might be open, this dragon is one that protects innoncence we can go after him and maybe have him judged by the wild, Pan says that he has already jhudged him but I got him judged again the last time. 
Baily house has already taken his side and he will not be taken away, they saw he was running and marven made contact him telepathically sonya 